In this project, you'll have the opportunity to combine
a lot of what you've learned throughout this entire program.
This final project is challenging and there isn't a lot of guidance provided,
as we want you to have the freedom to be creative.
The dataset that you're working with is real and it's pretty big.
When you are an analyst for a company,
there often isn't guidance as to how to correctly answer a particular question.
And there might not really be one right answer.
Leverage your own skills and ask questions when you get stuck.
Make sure you look through the directions carefully.
This is the last milestone before graduation. You can do it.